README.md, before:

# SolarTidbyt
Works with the SolarEdge inverters via the [SolarEdge API](https://www.solaredge.com/sites/default/files//se_monitoring_api.pdf), specifically the Overview and Site Info APIs, to display information on a [Tidbyt](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/tidbyt/retro-display)

## Data Shown
* Lifetime energy produced in kWh
* Pounds of C02 equivalent
* Acres of forest to absorb that amount of Co2

### Example Display
![Example of Tidbyt output](example.webp)

## Data Conversions
### kWh -> CO2
The KWh to CO2 conversion is calculated as 0.92 pounds of CO2 per KWh as seen via the [U.S. Energy Information Administration FAQ](https://www.eia.gov/tools/faqs/faq.php?id=74&t=11). Then multiply that by 0.000453592 to get Metric Tons [per Google](https://www.google.com/search?q=convert+pounds+to+metric+tons&oq=convert+pounds+to+metric+tons&aqs=chrome..69i57j0l2j0i22i30l7.4026j1j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8).

### CO2 -> Acres of Trees
The CO2 to Acres of Trees conversion is calculated as 0.77 metric tons of CO2 absorbed per acre per year as seen via the [EPA Greenhouse Gases Equivalencies Calculator - Calculations and References](https://www.epa.gov/energy/greenhouse-gases-equivalencies-calculator-calculations-and-references). 

I'm a little worried I have this calculation wrong. 
My calculation is...
* `0.77 mt/acre/year * total_year_diff years = M mt/acre (lifetime)`
* `1/(M mt/acre) = A acre/mt`
* `(A acre/mt) * mt = T total acres`
* So... `(1/(0.77*total_year_diff))*co2_metric_tons = total acres`.

I think

## Deploying to your Tidbyt
_This will be filled out once I have a Tidbyt and know how to do this...._

### SolarEdge data on Twitter?
See my other project, [solar3](https://github.com/jasondborneman/solar3)!

Commit message:

Update README with deploy description

README.md, after:

# SolarTidbyt
Works with the SolarEdge inverters via the [SolarEdge API](https://www.solaredge.com/sites/default/files//se_monitoring_api.pdf), specifically the Overview and Site Info APIs, to display information on a [Tidbyt](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/tidbyt/retro-display)

## Data Shown
* Lifetime energy produced in kWh
* Pounds of C02 equivalent
* Acres of forest to absorb that amount of Co2

### Example Display
![Example of Tidbyt output](example.webp)

## Data Conversions
### kWh -> CO2
The KWh to CO2 conversion is calculated as 0.92 pounds of CO2 per KWh as seen via the [U.S. Energy Information Administration FAQ](https://www.eia.gov/tools/faqs/faq.php?id=74&t=11). Then multiply that by 0.000453592 to get Metric Tons [per Google](https://www.google.com/search?q=convert+pounds+to+metric+tons&oq=convert+pounds+to+metric+tons&aqs=chrome..69i57j0l2j0i22i30l7.4026j1j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8).

### CO2 -> Acres of Trees
The CO2 to Acres of Trees conversion is calculated as 0.77 metric tons of CO2 absorbed per acre per year as seen via the [EPA Greenhouse Gases Equivalencies Calculator - Calculations and References](https://www.epa.gov/energy/greenhouse-gases-equivalencies-calculator-calculations-and-references). 

I'm a little worried I have this calculation wrong. 
My calculation is...
* `0.77 mt/acre/year * total_year_diff years = M mt/acre (lifetime)`
* `1/(M mt/acre) = A acre/mt`
* `(A acre/mt) * mt = T total acres`
* So... `(1/(0.77*total_year_diff))*co2_metric_tons = total acres`.

I think

## Deploying to your Tidbyt
I'm running a cron job on a Raspberry Pi that calls a script. The script does the following:
1. Runs `$ pixlet render solarlife.star`
2. Runs `$ pixlet push ......`

This is run once a day at midnight to update the image on the Tidbyt. Once a day is good enough for this application since it's just showing lifetime totals. 

### SolarEdge data on Twitter?
See my other project, [solar3](https://github.com/jasondborneman/solar3)!
